Nov 5th 2025 event (#15)
julia-users-helsinki/julia-users-helsinki.github.io: page/index.md

**If you would like to stay up-to-date with upcoming Julia related events in Helsinki area, join the Julia Users Helsinki [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/g/julia-users-helsinki).**

Check out our next get together on **November 5th 2025**!

\end{section}

\begin{section}{title="Upcoming Events"}

> ### Finite element modeling of storage of hydrogen gas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Numerical Simulation of the Storage of Hydroen Gas Using Metal Organic Frameworks
```

speaker provided title
